README.md, before:

## Welcome to BetterPath by TensileTech

<!-- ABOUT THE PROJECT -->
## About The Project
BetterPath is a web appliction that builds on the Education Pathways website for course exploration and planning. 

## Built With

* [Python Flask](https://flask.palletsprojects.com/en/2.0.x/)

<p align="right">(<a href="#top">back to top</a>)</p>

## Project Management Tools

Trello Board - [Trello Workspace](https://trello.com/b/36RbXYxA/ece444-tensiletech)


<!-- GETTING STARTED -->
## Getting Started

This is an example of how you may give instructions on setting up your project locally.
To get a local copy up and running follow these simple example steps.

### Prerequisites

This is an example of how to list things you need to use the software and how to install them.


### Installation

1. Clone the repo
   ```sh
   git clone https://github.com/ECE444-2021Fall/project1-education-pathways-group-6-tensiletech.git

<p align="right">(<a href="#top">back to top</a>)</p>


<!-- USAGE EXAMPLES -->
## Usage

Coming Soon!

<p align="right">(<a href="#top">back to top</a>)</p>



<!-- ROADMAP -->
## Roadmap

Please take a look at our Trello Board for Feature Roadmap!

See the [open issues](https://github.com/ECE444-2021Fall/project1-education-pathways-group-6-tensiletech/issues) for a full list of proposed features (and known issues).

<p align="right">(<a href="#top">back to top</a>)</p>


<!-- CONTACT -->
## Contact Names

4th Year ECE Students at the University of Toronto. 

Anikeith Bankar,
Romil Jain,
Mohammadreza Koramsoltani,
Justin Kreiner,
Hannah Zhang

Project Link: [https://github.com/ECE444-2021Fall/project1-education-pathways-group-6-tensiletech](https://github.com/ECE444-2021Fall/project1-education-pathways-group-6-tensiletech)

<p align="right">(<a href="#top">back to top</a>)</p>



<!-- ACKNOWLEDGMENTS -->
## Acknowledgments

ReadMe.md Template Followed From : [ReadMe Template](https://github.com/othneildrew/Best-README-Template)

<p align="right">(<a href="#top">back to top</a>)</p>

Commit message:

Cloned code from Education Pathways repo and updated README.md

README.md, after:

## Welcome to BetterPath by TensileTech

<!-- ABOUT THE PROJECT -->
## About The Project
BetterPath is a web appliction that builds on the Education Pathways website for course exploration and planning. 

## Built With

* [Python Flask](https://flask.palletsprojects.com/en/2.0.x/)

<p align="right">(<a href="#top">back to top</a>)</p>

## Project Management Tools

Trello Board - [Trello Workspace](https://trello.com/b/36RbXYxA/ece444-tensiletech)


<!-- GETTING STARTED -->
## Getting Started

This is an example of how you may give instructions on setting up your project locally.
To get a local copy up and running follow these simple example steps.

### Prerequisites

This is an example of how to list things you need to use the software and how to install them.


### Installation

1. Clone the repo
   ```sh
   git clone https://github.com/ECE444-2021Fall/project1-education-pathways-group-6-tensiletech.git

<p align="right">(<a href="#top">back to top</a>)</p>


<!-- USAGE EXAMPLES -->
## Usage

Coming Soon!

<p align="right">(<a href="#top">back to top</a>)</p>



<!-- ROADMAP -->
## Roadmap

Please take a look at our Trello Board for Feature Roadmap!

See the [open issues](https://github.com/ECE444-2021Fall/project1-education-pathways-group-6-tensiletech/issues) for a full list of proposed features (and known issues).

<p align="right">(<a href="#top">back to top</a>)</p>


<!-- CONTACT -->
## Contact Names

4th Year ECE Students at the University of Toronto. 

Anikeith Bankar,
Romil Jain,
Mohammadreza Koramsoltani,
Justin Kreiner,
Hannah Zhang

Project Link: [https://github.com/ECE444-2021Fall/project1-education-pathways-group-6-tensiletech](https://github.com/ECE444-2021Fall/project1-education-pathways-group-6-tensiletech)

<p align="right">(<a href="#top">back to top</a>)</p>



<!-- ACKNOWLEDGMENTS -->
## Acknowledgments

Project is based off of this repository: [Education Pathways](https://github.com/nelaturuk/education_pathways)

ReadMe.md Template Followed From : [ReadMe Template](https://github.com/othneildrew/Best-README-Template)

<p align="right">(<a href="#top">back to top</a>)</p>
